fix(material): consistently use outlined input variant (#2256)
eclipsesource/jsonforms: MIGRATION.md

# Migration guide

## Migrating to JSON Forms 3.2

### Material Renderers using Outlined Inputs

> JSON Forms has been updated to use the `outlined` input variant as the default, aligning more closely with the default style of Material UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Forms now uses the `outlined` input variant as the default, aligning with the default style of Material UI since version 5.
```

> To use the `standard` input variant, as in previous versions of JSON Forms, it is possible to provide JSON Forms with a theme provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use the `standard` input variant, as was default in previous versions of JSON Forms, then this can be accomplished using the Material UI `ThemeProvider`:
```
